update readme to match v2 endpoint (#47)
nightfallai/jenkins_test: README.md

Here's an example use case:

`tokenExclusionList: ["NF-gGpblN9cXW2ENcDBapUNaw3bPZMgcABs", "^127\\."]`

In the example above, findings with the API token `NF-gGpblN9cXW2ENcDBapUNaw3bPZMgcABs` as well as local IP addresses starting with `127.` would not be reported. For more information on how we match tokens, take a look at [regexp](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/).

### File Inclusion/Exclusion

To omit files from being scanned, you can add the `fileExclusionList` field to your config. In addition, to only scan on certain files, add the `fileInclusionList` to the config.

Here's an example use case:

```

    fileExclusionList: ["*/tests/*"],
    fileInclusionList: ["*.go", "*.json"]

```

In the example, we are ignoring all file paths with a `tests` subdirectory, and only scanning on `go` and `json` files.
Note: we are using [gobwas/glob](https://github.com/gobwas/glob) to match file path patterns. Unlike the token regex matching, file paths must be completely matched by the given pattern. e.g. If `tests` is a subdirectory, it will not be matched by `tests/*`, which is only a partial match.

> ## Extra Real Examples

Reviewer: `## Configuration Examples`

> To summarize, we provide sevaral more examples as below

Reviewer: we can delete this line

# nightfall_code_scanner

![Nightfall_Code_Scanner](https://cdn.nightfall.ai/nightfall-dark-logo-tm.png "Nightfall_Code_Scanner")

### Nightfall_Code_Scanner - a code review tool that protects you from committing sensitive information

nightfall_code_scanner scans your code for secrets or sensitive information. It’s intended to be used as a part of your CI to simplify the development process, improve your
security, and ensure you never accidentally leak secrets or other sensitive information via an accidental commit.

## Supported Services

### GithubActions

[nightfall_dlp_action](https://github.com/nightfallai/nightfall_dlp_action)

## Nightfalldlp Config File

> The .nightfalldlp/config.json file is used as a centralized config file to control what conditions/detectors and content you want to scan for pull requests. It includes following adjustable fields available to fit your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The .nightfalldlp/config.json file is used as a centralized config file to control what conditions/detectors to scan with and what content you want to scan for pull requests. It includes the following adjustable fields available to fit your needs.
```

### ConditionSetUUID

> A condition set uuid is a unique identifier of a condition set, also called policy, which can be defined through app.nightfall.ai UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A condition set uuid is a unique identifier of a condition set, which can be created via [app.nightfall.ai](app.nightfall.ai).
```

> Once defined, you can only input the uuid in the your config file, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once defined, you can simply input the uuid in the your config file, e.g.
```

```json
{ "conditionSetUUID": "A0BA0D76-78B4-4E10-B653-32996060316B" }
```

> Note: by default, if both conditionSetUUID and conditions are specified, only conditionSetUUID will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: by default, if both conditionSetUUID and conditions are specified, only the conditionSetUUID will be used.
```

### Conditions

> Conditions are a list of conditions specified inline. Each condition has a detector struct within and two extra parameters of minNumFindings and minConfidence as below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conditions are a list of conditions specified inline. Each condition contains a nested detector object as well as two additional parameters: minNumFindings and minConfidence.
```

```json
{
  "conditions": [
    {
      "minNumFindings": 1,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {}
    }
  ]
}
```

> minNumFindings specifies minimal number of findings to trigger findings to return for one request, e.g. if you set minNumFindings to be 2, and only 1 finding within the request payload, then this finding will be filtered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
minNumFindings specifies the minimum number of findings required to return findings for one request, e.g. if you set minNumFindings to be 2, and there's only 1 finding within the request payload related to that detector, that finding will be filtered out from the response.
```

> minConfidence specifies the minimal threshold to trigger a potential finding to be captured, in total we have five levels of confidence from least sensitive to most sensitive:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
minConfidence specifies the minimal threshold to trigger a potential finding to be captured. We have five levels of confidence from least sensitive to most sensitive:
```

- VERY_LIKELY
- LIKELY
- POSSIBLE
- UNLIKELY
- VERY_UNLIKELY

### Detector

A detector is either a prebuilt detector from nightfall or customized regex | wordlist by customer, specified by

> detectorType field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A detector is either a prebuilt Nightfall detector or a custom regex or wordlist detector that you can create. This is specified by the detectorType field.
```

- nightfall prebuilt detector

  ```json
  {
    "detector": {
      "detectorType": "NIGHTFALL_DETECTOR",
      "nightfallDetector": "API_KEY",

>       "displayName": "credit card detector"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "displayName": "api key detector"
```

    }
  }
  ```

  Within detector struct

  - First specify detectorType as NIGHTFALL_DETECTOR
  - Pick the nightfall detector you want from the list
    - API_KEY
    - CRYPTOGRAPHIC_KEY
    - RANDOMLY_GENERATED_TOKEN
    - CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER
    - US_SOCIAL_SECURITY_NUMBER
    - AMERICAN_BANKERS_CUSIP_ID
    - US_BANK_ROUTING_MICR
    - ICD9_CODE
    - ICD10_CODE
    - US_DRIVERS_LICENSE_NUMBER
    - US_PASSPORT
    - PHONE_NUMBER
    - IP_ADDRESS
    - EMAIL_ADDRESS
  - Put a display name for your detector, as this will be attached on your findings

- customized regex

>   For convenience, we also support customized regex as a detector, which you can fill in as follow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We also support custom regex detectors, which are defined as followed: 
```

  ```json
  {
    "detector": {
      "detectorType": "REGEX",
      "regex": {
        "pattern": "coupon",
        "isCaseSensitive": false
      },

>       "displayName": "simpleRegexCouponDetector"

Reviewer 2: Let's use a pattern with some regex special characters like
```suggestion
      "regex": {
        "pattern": "\\d{10}",
        "isCaseSensitive": false
      },
      "displayName": "ten digit regex detector"
```

Author: used coupon:\\d{4,} here

    }
  }
  ```

- word list

>   In case you are not famaliar what regex is, we also support word list searching, simply put in a list of words you want to find.

Reviewer 2: Word list detectors look for words you specify in its list. Example below:

  ```json
  {
    "detector": {
      "detectorType": "WORD_LIST",
      "wordList": {
        "values": ["key", "credential"],
        "isCaseSensitive": false
      },
      "displayName": "simpleWordListKeyDetector"
    }
  }
  ```

- [Extra Parameters Within Detector]

>   Besides to define which detector to call, we also allow you to optionally specify some rules you want to attach surround the findinds and finding themselves. They are contextRules and exclusionRules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Aside from specifying which detector to use for a condition, you can also specify some additional rules to attach. These are known as context and exclusion rules.
```

  - contextRules

>     A context rule is defined as the surrounding context(pre/post chars) of a finding, you can define a trigger/rule in this section. Once it's triggered, the confidence of finding will be adjusted accordingly base on your confid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A context rule evaluates the surrounding context(pre/post chars) of a finding and adjusts the finding's confidence if the input context rule pattern exists.
```

    Example:

    ```json
    {
      "detector": {

>         // ...... other detector fileds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // ...... other detector fields
```

        "contextRules": [
          {
            "regex": {
              "pattern": "test cc",
              "isCaseSensitive": true
            },
            "proximity": {
              "windowBefore": 30,
              "windowAfter": 30
            },
            "confidenceAdjustment": {

>               "fixedConfidence": "VERY_UNLIKELY"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
              "fixedConfidence": "VERY_LIKELY"
```

Let's make it `VERY_LIKELY` to make sense with the example below. It might be confusing as to why we want to drop the confidence of a credit card finding that is indeed a credit card to `VERY_UNLIKELY`. If it's a test cc, the proper use to mute this should probably be an exclusion rule.

Author: changed test cc to my cc 
and fixedConfidence --> very_likely

            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

>     - regex field specifies a regex to trigger
>     - proximity specifies how many pre|post chars surround findings we want to do the search
>     - confidenceAdjustment specifies what's the confidence you want to change for the finding once trigger the rule

Reviewer 2: I think we can get rid of regex since we already explained that above for the regex detector.
```suggestion
    - proximity is defined as the number pre|post chars surrounding the finding to conduct the search
    - confidenceAdjustment is the confidence level to adjust the finding to upon existence of the input context
```

Author: not sure if the reader would read everything from top to bottom,
I think it's reasonable to assume he/she only reads a block of content, thus kept the regex section

changed others

>     In this example, if we have a real text like test cc: 4242-4242-4242-4242, and 4242-4242-4242-4242 is detected as a credit card number with confidence of POSSIBLE. After we applied such context rules, since the pre chars test cc matches the regex, the confidence of such findings will drop down to VERY_UNLIKELY as specified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    As an example, say we have the following line of text in a file `test cc: 4242-4242-4242-4242`, and `4242-4242-4242-4242` is detected as a credit card number finding with confidence level `POSSIBLE`. If we had the context rule above, the confidence level of this finding will be bumped up to `VERY_LIKELY` because the characters preceding the finding,  `test cc`, match the regex.
```

Author: same my cc here

  - exclusionRules

>     Similar to context rules, you can also apply rules on findings themselves, in case you find certain findings or patterns appear to be super noisy in your case. To deactivate such appearance, you can do

Reviewer 2: Exclusion rules on individual conditions are used to mute findings related to that condition's detector.

    Example:

    ```json
    {
      "detector": {

>         // ...... other detector fileds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // ...... other detector fields
```

        "exclusionRules": [
          {
            "matchType": "PARTIAL",
            "exclusionType": "REGEX",

>             // specify one of these values base on type specified above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // specify one of these values based on types specified above
```

Author: since  "exclusionType": "REGEX" is one type  changed to the type

            "regex": {

>               "pattern": "4242-4242-4242-4242",

Reviewer 2: same here let's use special regex chars

Author: changed to "4242-4242-\\d{4}-\\d{4}",

              "isCaseSensitive": true
            },
            "wordList": {
              "values": ["4242", "1234"],
              "isCaseSensitive": false
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    }
    ```

>     - exclusionType specifies either a REGEX or WORD_LIST, similar to how you define a customized regex or word list detector
>     - regex field specifies a regex to trigger, if you choose to use REGEX type
>     - matchType could be either PARTIAL or FULL, PARTIAL means the regex only matches part of the finding, maybe first 5 chars, and with PARTIAL specified, we'd deactivate such findings as well, FULL means the regex has to match the whole finding context to deactivate
>       Suppose we have a finding of "4242-4242" with exclusion regex of 4242, if you use PARTIAL, this finding will be deactivated, while FULL then not, since the regex only matches partial of the finding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - exclusionType is either REGEX or WORD_LIST
    - matchType is either PARTIAL or FULL. To be a full match, the entire finding must match the regex pattern or word exactly, whereas findings containing more than just the regex pattern or word are considered partial matches.
```

Author: added an exmaple following the content

Here's an example use case:

`tokenExclusionList: ["NF-gGpblN9cXW2ENcDBapUNaw3bPZMgcABs", "^127\\."]`

In the example above, findings with the API token `NF-gGpblN9cXW2ENcDBapUNaw3bPZMgcABs` as well as local IP addresses starting with `127.` would not be reported. For more information on how we match tokens, take a look at [regexp](https://golang.org/pkg/regexp/).

### File Inclusion/Exclusion

To omit files from being scanned, you can add the `fileExclusionList` field to your config. In addition, to only scan on certain files, add the `fileInclusionList` to the config.

Here's an example use case:

```

    fileExclusionList: ["*/tests/*"],
    fileInclusionList: ["*.go", "*.json"]

```

In the example, we are ignoring all file paths with a `tests` subdirectory, and only scanning on `go` and `json` files.
Note: we are using [gobwas/glob](https://github.com/gobwas/glob) to match file path patterns. Unlike the token regex matching, file paths must be completely matched by the given pattern. e.g. If `tests` is a subdirectory, it will not be matched by `tests/*`, which is only a partial match.

## Extra Real Examples

To summarize, we provide sevaral more examples as below

> - Config conditionSet through app.nightfall.ai UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Using a pre-built ConditionSet
```

```json
{ "conditionSetUUID": "UUID HERE" }
```

> - Config conditions inline with prebuilt detector

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Inline condition set with Nightfall Detectors
```

```json
{
  "conditions": [
    {
      "minNumFindings": 1,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {
        "detectorType": "NIGHTFALL_DETECTOR",
        "nightfallDetector": "API_KEY",
        "displayName": "nfAPIKEY"
      }
    },

    {
      "minNumFindings": 2,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {
        "detectorType": "NIGHTFALL_DETECTOR",
        "nightfallDetector": "CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER",
        "displayName": "nfCC"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> - Config conditions inline with your own regex | word list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Inline Conditions containing custom Regex and WordList detectors
```

```json
{
  "conditions": [
    {
      "minNumFindings": 1,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {
        "detectorType": "REGEX",
        "regex": {

>           "pattern": "coupon",

Reviewer 2: same here - let's use a slightly more complex regex instead of just a word

Author: same as above, added coupon:\\d{4,}

          "isCaseSensitive": false
        },
        "displayName": "simpleRegexCouponDetector"
      }
    },
    {
      "minNumFindings": 1,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {
        "detectorType": "WORD_LIST",
        "wordList": {
          "values": ["key", "credential"],
          "isCaseSensitive": false
        },
        "displayName": "simpleWordListKeyDetector"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> - Detailed configuration, if you find there're noisy results you want to get rid of.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Condition Set with condition containing context and exclusion rules:
```

```json
{
  "conditions": [
    {
      "minNumFindings": 2,
      "minConfidence": "POSSIBLE",
      "detector": {
        "detectorType": "NIGHTFALL_DETECTOR",
        "nightfallDetector": "CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER",
        "displayName": "nfCC"
      },
      "contextRules": [
        {
          "regex": {
            "pattern": "credit card",
            "isCaseSensitive": true
          },
          "proximity": {
            "windowBefore": 30,
            "windowAfter": 30
          },
          "confidenceAdjustment": {
            "fixedConfidence": "VERY_LIKELY"
          }
        }
      ],

> 

Reviewer 2: rm blank line

      "exclusionRules": [
        {
          "matchType": "PARTIAL",
          "exclusionType": "REGEX",

>           "regex": {
>             "pattern": "4242-4242-4242-4242",
>             "isCaseSensitive": true
>           }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          "regex": {
            "pattern": "4242-[0-9]{4}-[0-9]{4}-[0-9]{4}",
            "isCaseSensitive": false
          }
```

Author: isCaseSensitive probably doesn't matter here, so didn't change
